Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
My son?
He knows nothing about
John and Belfast.
Nor does my Triny.
Who’s Triny?
Trinity, my daughter.
What does she have
to do with John?
You don’t know, do you?
God, I’m so sorry.
Hey, I know you.
You’re Jax Teller’s
girl, right?
Who are you?
I’m his girl.
- What the hell is this?
- Check her ink.
She’s a supervisor, all right.
JAX:
Kellan Ashby.
He’s a shot caller
and he wants me to kill Jimmy
to get him back.
You listen to me.
Jimmy O dies,
so does our deal.
I need you to deliver
him to me alive.
Charming don’t
trust me, Jimmy.
I can smell it on ’em.
McGee, I don’t know if he’s
got the heart for this.
I don’t need heart.
I need goddamn brains.
CLAY:
We want in on the Dungloe run.
OPIE:
As far as Jimmy knows,
we’re just tagging along
to see how the operation works.
It’s done.
SAMCRO’s coming on the run.
They think it was their idea.
Good. Let’s get it done
right this time.
These Charming boys are smart.
They know something’s going on.
Arrange things at the barn.
This could set off
a chain of events
that we may not be able
to contain.
- Hey! Hey!
- What’s this?
It’s a bloody trap!
Good morning.
[groans]
What time is it?
Almost noon.
Guess you heard.
Yes.
I’m sorry about Patrick.
Jimmy killed your brother
and five members of my club.
That blast was meant
for Sam Crow.
Greed pushed him over the line.
This betrayal means
he’s gone rogue.
I need to know
where to find Jimmy.
We’ll make that happen,
but first we have to prove
that Jimmy blew up that truck.
Why?
Our conversation
the other night.
When I show the council
proof that Jimmy sabotaged
that shipment,
knowingly murdered
two of our men,
then that task I put on you
is no longer covert.
You do it with
the full support of the Army.
And what about my kid?
With Jimmy out of the way,
your son goes home
to his loving family.
[snorts]
Like I got a choice.
You’ll need to find
someone working with Jimmy,
the closer the better.
I got a few ideas.
Once you, uh, find
the right man,
give Sean a ring.
You’ll find
he’s quite resourceful.
[door closes]
So, what’s the fallout?
[sighs]
If Kellan proves to the council
that the attacker was you,
I don’t know how
we’re going to spin it.
I’m not sure how
our crew will react.
These are my boys.
I pulled them out
of the stinking gutter.
Yeah, you did, but the ones
who chained up that barn
thought they were
killing traitors.
When the truth comes out,
then you become the traitor.
Aye.
We can feed our boys
any truth that we need.
Only one that can prove
that I was connected
to that blast is O’Neill,
so you and I are going
to go and tie up
that loose end, yeah?
Right.
Jesus.
[door opens and closes]
[door locks]
I went looking
for you last night.
I didn’t go home.
Aye.
Must’ve had a lot
on your mind.
I guess.
[grunts]
You knew Jim was
going to blow that truck!
I didn’t know.
Don’t lie to me, brother!
I’m not lying.
You got to believe me, Keith.
Sure it doesn’t matter
what I believe.
After yesterday, Sam Crow’s
going to rip you open
to get the truth,
and we’re both dead men!
[panting]
What should I do?
You need to get
the hell out of here
and lay low until Jax
gets that kid and leaves.
[panting]
Shite!
[gasps]
I guess you weren’t lying.
We got ourselves a doctor
and a hospital boss.
What do you want?
Shut up. You don’t get
to ask questions.
I need a way
to reach your club.
Why? What do you want?
What did I just say, bitch?
They need to make
their demands.
Smart.
So she’s the boss?
Give them a number, Tara.
Kellan needs us to prove
Jimmy blew up that gun truck.
And what about Abel?
Same promise.
Get Jimmy, we get Abel.
Then we start with O’Neill.
Yeah. Him and Jimmy’s guys were
the only ones not in that barn.
Any remote detonator
could cover that distance.
It had to be him.
O’Neill’s their officer.
We call him out as a rat,
we pretty much condemn
the whole charter.
Maybe it’s time we started
to look at that.
How do we know Jimmy
didn’t turn others?
That rat bastard, he–
Because my boys
are loyal to the MC.
Aye, you’re right
about O’Neill.
The Irish became more
important than the patch.
Well, that’s not
what you told me.
’Cause I like to give my boys
the benefit of the doubt, Clay.
But after yesterday,
there’s no doubt left.
He’s gone, his flat’s empty,
and he’s got to be with Jimmy.
Son of a bitch!
Look, I’ll take care
of O’Neill.
SAMBEL will take
care of the betrayal,
but we need to get to Newry
and put a bullet in Jimmy.
No.
Only way I get my son back
is if we find O’Neill
and make that bitch
tell the truth.
All right. Right.
So I guess it’s
the truth we’re after?
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this world ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Need to find O’Neill.
Why? What happened?
Liam’s in some trouble, Cherry.
Your old man was responsible
for that blast yesterday.
No. No, Liam loves the club.
We just got to find him,
get the truth.
I know what that means.
You going to kill him?
He’ll get his say.
Just tell them what
you know, sweetheart.
I don’t know anything.
Okay, he didn’t
come home last night.
He hasn’t called.
He have family?
Someplace he might lay low?
No.
I mean, the club
is his only family.
I’m sorry, I-I really...
I have no idea.
Let’s go turn over
his apartment.
Hold on.
You hear what happened
to Half-Sack?
Yeah.
You know O’Neill’s connected
to that, right?
Bullshit.
No, she’s right.
Cammy and Liam.
Both under Jimmy’s authority.
You know, Liam was privy
to your man getting
a knife in the belly.
And your protecting this guy
makes you just as guilty.
I’m...
No...
O’Neill’s not
in the MC anymore.
He turned on his brothers,
and he bailed on you.
Just tell them
what you know, Cher.
All right.
Last week, I found a lot
of cash in his pocket,
so it made me curious and I
went looking through his things,
and I dug up two receipts
for bank accounts,
both with a lot of money
and a contract for
some kind of a loft
down at the docks.
So maybe he’s there.
[yelps]
Ma!
Never, ever lie to the club.
Do you understand me?
Yes.
- [gagging]
- Ma!
[Cherry groans]
Get the club.
Glad you reached out.
Been worried.
Sorry, Jimmy.
It all went to shite.
SAMCRO’s on to me.
I’m underground.
Deed served its purpose.
You did good, brother.
Now tell me where you’re at
so me and Donny
can come and collect you.
Aye.
Okay.
Appreciate that.
[phone ringing]
- Hello, Jim.
- Piney.
Teller-Morrow.
Let me talk to
a member of the Sons.
I can help you.
Are you a member?
Trusted friend.
Put a goddamn member
on the phone!
[machine whirring]
Yo?
Yeah?
Not very nice.
Hi. This is Piney.
You a patched member?
Who the hell is this?
The guy pointing a gun
at Jax Teller’s old lady.
[tape tears]
It’s Tara.
He’s telling the truth.
He wants us to kill Alvarez
and steal a quarter of a mil
from his home safe.
This dude’s gone off
the deep end, man.
You’re certain
that Salazar’s got Tara?
Yeah.
He took her and that redhead
from the hospital.
We don’t deliver in 12 hours,
they’re both dead.
We got to let Jax know.
No. He’s got enough
on his plate.
Yes, he does.
We need to handle this.
We got to reach out to Alvarez,
get him to play along.
I mean, he could
supply intel on Salazar.
He might even know
where he’s got the girls.
Don’t let that horse
truce fool you.
The Mayans hate us.
What else are we gonna do?
We gonna whack Alvarez,
start a blood war?
It’s our only shot.
What if he says no?
He could say no.
Then we’ve played our hand.
Girls are dead.
Alvarez is a smart guy, man.
He’s got a family.
He’ll get it.
Better be right.
[engines revving]
♪ I traveled down the road ♪
♪ That’s well-trodden
by the mad son ♪
♪ Interrupting all the peace ♪
♪ That come to you
when you’re undone ♪
♪ And I’m bugging in my past ♪
♪ And waiting for
the future to come ♪
♪ Introspection don’t
mean no answers ♪
♪ And it’s best
not to look for one ♪
♪ It’s all messed up
It’s not great ♪
♪ It’s all messed up ♪
O’Neill’s loft’s got
to be near the water.
This way.
What’s wrong?
Aye.
I’ve just been a bit unsteady
since the blast yesterday.
Just give me a moment.
I’ll be all right.
Come on, let’s go.
♪ I have waited
for my sentence ♪
♪ From the burning
heads of now ♪
[sighs, panting]
♪ It’s all messed up,
and it’s not great ♪
♪ It’s all messed up ♪
Come on.
[phone ringing]
Aye?
Where are you?
Storage loft.
Get out.
Sam Crow’s nearly there.
[grunts]
♪ It’s all messed up
and frustrating ♪
♪ It’s all messed up ♪
Where the hell is he going?
[motorcycle approaching]
That’s got to be him.
[grunting]
I’ll kill ya!
Easy, brother.
Not yet.
[grunting]
Call Sean Casey.
Tell him we got
a confession to record.
[grunting]
DONNY:
Club’s handling
the traitor issue.
JIMMY:
We need some lads
with years, at least four.
And the automatic rifles.
You got him?
Yeah.
Feeling all right?
Aye.
Good.
’Cause I got a feeling you’re
gonna need a strong stomach.
[grunting]
[low groaning]
Sean Casey’s joined the party.
Then we can be sure
O’Neill’s sharing
his most intimate secrets.
All right, lads, let’s
sort out this lot, yeah?
[grunts]
SEAN:
I need you to tell me
who ordered you
to blow up that truck, Liam.
I didn’t blow it up.
Please, Sean.
I didn’t...
[panting]
[screaming]
God, please!
[cries]
[yelling]
Can’t watch this.
This is some medieval shit.
[crying]
[panting]
Who...
ordered...
the hit?
[flesh ripping, screaming]
No!
Please.
I did it.
I’m sorry.
I had a detonator.
I waited till Jimmy’s boys
chained the barn.
[groans]
Jimmy O’Phelan ordered you
to blow up
that shipment
and kill Army men?
Jimmy set it up.
I put it in motion.
[cries]
We didn’t tell McGee about it.
Knew he wouldn’t get on board.
McGee’s working for Jimmy?
Who else?
No one.
Just us.
[grunts]
Who else?!
No one.
Just us.
Get him!
Did you get what you need?
Oh, aye.
[gun hammer cocking]
Shut off the camera.
McGee’s took off,
and Jimmy’s crew’s
heading this way.
Lock the doors.
Make sure Kellan gets this.
No matter what, he keeps
his promise about my kid.
Casey, get moving.
Go.
Shite.
Let’s go.
Move!
- Shoot it in.
- [gunfire]
Shite, they
carved him up.
[doors close]
The door!
Hey!
You bastards!
It’s locked!
Mother of Christ, let’s
get to the roof!
[screaming]
This way.
Up the ladder, quick!
Caught you, you bastard.
It’s the priest
you want to be hating.
He’s playing you, Jackson.
He’s never giving
you your son back.
Running out of friends, Jimmy.
McGee!
[trading gunfire]
Jimmy?
Jimmy, hurry up!
Come on!
Shit.
[tires squealing]
Keith!
- It’s over.
- [panting]
Done.
No place to go.
Just tell me why.
Just getting old, Clay.
This life hasn’t given me much
in the way of retirement.
It’s just about
the money, brother.
[sighs]
Jimmy got away.
Let me have the cut.
I’m sorry.
I know.
[body thuds]
Let’s get out of here.
I asked the father
to bring you here.
We want to
thank you personally.
This information confirms
a suspicion we’ve had about
Jimmy for quite some time.
We know you risked
your lives to get it.
We owe you.
How do we get to O’Phelan?
That’s an Army matter.
He’s a traitor.
Be dealt with as such.
That’s not the deal.
I’m afraid it is, Jackson.
What are you talking about?!
You said I would get support
to take out Jimmy!
Easy. Easy.
Not here.
This is a...
sensitive situation.
Has to be handled internally.
I’m sure you can
understand that, lad.
Jackson and I have some...
outside issues to discuss.
We’ll do that later, son.
Let her breathe.
Your club’s cooperating.
[door closes]
Are you okay?
Yeah. You?
Yes.
I don’t know why
they’re doing this.
I’m sure it’s about money.
Yeah, well, then
they’re out of luck,
’cause the club
doesn’t have any.
I am sorry this
is happening to you.
So am I.
The, um...
tattoo on your back?
Another life.
What is it?
I thought I was in love.
That’s a...
serious amount of ink.
I was in deep.
Started out just
another groupie.
Before I knew it, I was
giving him my money,
buying him drugs,
then dealing for him.
Christmas Eve 1989,
we both O.D.’d
on fentanyl-laced heroin.
He died...
and I woke up.
I’m sorry.
I’m not.
I leave it there so I remember
all that shit is behind me.
Yeah.
[door opens]
OPIE:
What happened, brother?
I went to St. Matt’s.
Kellan wasn’t there.
Casey wouldn’t tell me
where he was.
[sighs]
Well, the cops found
the bodies on the docks,
and they’re gonna be here
asking questions.
We find Abel, catch Oswald’s
plane tomorrow night,
and get the hell off of this
moss-covered shit-hole.
Amen, my brother.
I can’t just sit here.
I’m going for a walk.
You watch him.
Yes, ma’am.
SAMBEL’S gathering
to take a quick vote
and tap Ryan as president.
CLAY:
Good.
We need this charter whole.
Happy, Chibs.
[Clay sighs]
Give me a minute.
What’s the matter?
Just want to make sure
you’re okay.
I’m fine.
I’m sorry about McGee.
Nothing to be sorry about.
He sold us out;
he got what he deserves.
[sighs]
It’s okay to feel bad, baby.
[Clay groans]
McGee was first nine.
You’d known him for 40 years.
[slams bottle down]
Time don’t mean shit.
Who did it?
Who do you think?
[door closes]
His chopper’s in the driveway;
looks like he’s home.
Alvarez, we need
to talk to you.
- Whoa, whoa, shit, don’t!
- What the hell you doing here?
Shit!
- Hey, hey, hey...
- What are you doing here?!
No, no, don’t, don’t...
- What are you doing here?
- No, down, down!
- Drop the guns!
- Hold it, hold it!
Jesus, wait a minute,
wait a minute, wait a minute.
Let’s think this through.
Baby, what do we do?
Look, we just need to talk to
you, okay?
This is a friendly visit.
Put ’em away.
Come on, man.
Come on.
The old man.
Piney.
TIG:
Alvarez, he’s right,
we come in peace.
Peace.
Take Tessa.
How’d you get my address?
Got it from Salazar, man.
You know what he’s done?
He’s kidnapped Jax’s old lady
and a woman she works with.
You serious?
He’s got a very interesting
list of demands.
Salazar wanted us
to come here and kill you,
and then take that 250K
you got hidden in your safe.
You know what I got
in that safe?
Two old watches,
insurance policies
and my kid’s baby teeth.
Go ahead, check it out.
Aw, shit!
We’ll get the money
someplace else.
What we need from you
is to be dead,
just until we get Tara back.
Excuse me?
Just... just put it on the
street, man, all right?
It’ll get back to Salazar.
That buys us some time.
You know what happens
to my business
if my competition
thinks I’m dead?
Marcus, we just need 24 hours.
Then you can rise
from the dead,
and all them vatos
will go spooky respect
with that shit, you know?
You come to my house,
where my family is,
pull gats and make demands.
You got any idea what
I can do to you?
Okay, it was stupid
coming here, we know.
But Jax’s son
is already missing.
And the thought of him
losing the girl he loves,
we can’t let that happen.
Look, I’m really sorry
we upset your family,
but we’re desperate.
You’re the only shot we got
at saving those women.
Look, we’ll make
it up to you...
somehow.
Please.
All right.
I’ll play dead 24 hours,
and that’s it.
Thank you.
And you come here again,
truce, no truce...
I’ll kill all of you.
Heard you’re gonna
be leaving.
Yeah.
Soon as I get my kid.
Hopefully, tomorrow.
That’s good.
Getting your son.
I’m sorry about McGee.
Thanks.
Guess he was the closest
thing I had to a da.
[Jax sighs]
Where’s your old man?
Killed in Lebanon.
I was a baby.
He was a soldier?
Aye.
I heard they buried Kip
with his patch.
Yeah.
That’s cool.
No tears for the man
that just died?
Why?
He was a liar...
and a rat.
You don’t know the facts.
Do you?
McGee ever say
anything about Jimmy?
No.
He was more
distant than usual.
I didn’t see this coming.
Desperate times, huh?
Makes men do desperate things.
What do you know about
desperate?
All our times here
are desperate!
SAMCRO has no idea the risk
Belfast takes to keep Charming
safe and cozy.
Redwood put SAMBEL on the map.
Aye, and after four days
you nearly wiped them off.
I’ll assume that’s
the drink talking.
You assume whatever you want.
All I know is, since you
and your boys
rolled into our alley,
we’re short three lives.
And I’m missing my grandson,
’cause your asshole brother
is playing a shell game
with his life.
I should take your right eye
for talking shite
about a man of God.
It wouldn’t be
the first thing
you took from me.
Well, maybe if you didn’t chew
men up like a meat grinder,
they wouldn’t be overseas
looking for some tenderness.
You little dink of a whore!
What the hell are you guys
talking about?
I need smokes.
I need whiskey.
[Cherry sighs]
I need a new life.
[clattering]
What’s that?
You get the door.
Ready?
Christ, Ma!
You want to shut the door?
This is very bad.
Agreed.
Little slut.
Yeah. He is.
[sighs]
Well...
unless we want
a three-headed grandchild,
looks like we’re gonna have
to share some family history.
I don’t understand.
You said my da was a soldier.
I know.
He was a member of the club?
Founding member.
John.
John Teller?
Aye.
Why wouldn’t you tell me that?
Why the hell did you lie to me?
I lied to everybody, Triny.
Your nana shipped me off to
Dublin to have you in secret.
She wanted me to give you
up for Catholic adoption.
I couldn’t do that.
John had another life,
another family.
And when he died so young...
I thought it best
to give you a
better memory.
Neal Duffy was a lad
I knew that was killed
in the line of duty.
He was a sweet, noble lad.
He had no kin...
no loose ends to untie.
I almost shagged
my brother, Ma.
You know how
humiliating that is?
Sorry, Triny.
I’m sorry.
[Trinity sobs]
Who else knows about this?
Apparently,
John didn’t tell anyone.
Clay?
No.
[sighs]
Sorry you had
to find out like this.
Yeah, no shit.
[scoffs]
Two minutes later, I’d have
been dancing in Tig territory.
How’d you find out?
I found a letter that
your dad wrote to her.
A love letter.
Like the ones
he used to write me.
She was 19.
A fresh start.
Sorry, Mom.
[sighs]
[knocking, door opens]
Kellan’s here.
I cleared out the clubhouse.
All right.
Look... you go out there
and find our boy.
That priest does not
leave this alley
until you have an address,
you understand me?
Yeah.
Time’s up.
For what?
What are you gonna do?
Your crew ain’t
taking me serious.
So I’m gonna kill
the red bitch.
No. I’m the one you wanted.
Yeah, and you
still have some value.
I can get you money.
Let me make a call.
- Please!
- Shut up!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Don’t!
I’m pregnant!
[panting]
It’s true.
She is.
[cell phone ringing]
[beep]
It’s done.
We’ve killed Alvarez.
We’ve got the 250K.
I’ll need to confirm it.
Me, too.
Put Tara on the phone.
Hello?
Doing okay, sweetheart?
[panting]
Yeah, we’re okay.
Okay, we’re gonna bring
you home, I promise.
I’ll call back
to arrange a meet.
If you’re lying...
she’s dead.
All right.
Now all we’ve got to do
is come up with 250K
by tomorrow night.
You want me in there?
No.
This is between me
and the priest.
Okay.
The piece.
[lock clicks]
Where’s my kid?
I’m about to break a vow...
an oath of confidentiality
I had with your father.
What does that have
to do with my kid?
Everything.
Sit.
I got to know J.T. very well.
I loved him like a brother.
Well, that makes sense,
doesn’t it?
Considering he had
a kid with your sister.
I listened to his confession
for over three years.
I heard every...
sin and sorrow
that he carried.
Your father’s pain distills into
one resolute desire–
that his sons
never followed his path.
He never wanted
this life for you.
Why are you telling me this?
Because he died before
he could keep his promise.
I couldn’t do anything
to help save the son...
but I can do something
to save the grandson.
Save him from what?!
The life of his father.
[chair clatters across floor]
Where the hell is my kid?
He’s in the arms of
a loving family.
You son of a bitch!
[grunts]
[yells]
You tell me where my son is,
or I will kill him.
[yells]
Stop.
Stop!
All right, no, I’ll tell you,
I’ll tell you.
2309 Upper Springfield Road,
where it crosses Wheeler.
Stone house on the corner.
And wait until mid-morning.
Sometimes the sisters
take the infants
to the convent for the night.
What sisters?
Private missionaries.
They look for
good Catholic homes.
You filthy Judas.
Adoption?!
Get out.
Get out!
I know you think
I’m an evil man...
but it’s my job to look
at the greater good.
With Jimmy, with your child.
That’s what leaders do.
Your father knew the patch
was a mistake, and so do you.
Look at the violence
in the last three days alone.
Is that the life you want
for your child?
If you love him...
give him more.
Sean...
[groans]
[door closes]